feat: update configuration reference for Velocity 3.2.0-SNAPSHOT (#159)
PaperMC/docs: docs/velocity/admin/reference/configuration.md

| `force-key-authentication`    | Boolean | Should the proxy enforce the new public key security standard? By default, this is on.                                                                                                                           |
| `prevent-client-proxy-connections` | Boolean | If client's ISP/AS sent from this proxy is different from the one from Mojang's authentication server, the player is kicked. This disallows some VPN and proxy connections but is a weak form of protection. |
| `forwarding-secret-file`      | String | If you are using modern or BungeeGuard IP forwarding, configure a file that contains a unique secret here. The file is expected to be UTF-8 encoded and not empty.                                                |
| `player-info-forwarding-mode` | Enum    | See [Configuring player information forwarding](../getting-started/forwarding.md) for more information.                                                                                                          |

> | `forwarding-secret`           | String  | This setting is used as a secret to ensure that player info forwarded by Velocity comes from your proxy and not from someone pretending to run Velocity. See the "Player info forwarding" section for more info. |

Reviewer: This [only seems to exist for old configs (1.0)](https://github.com/PaperMC/Velocity/pull/712#issuecomment-1144401976), should we still have this documented here?

Author: I removed forwarding-secret option. Is it okay?

| `announce-forge`              | Boolean | This setting determines whether Velocity should present itself as a Forge/FML-compatible server. By default, this is disabled.                                                                                   |
| `kick-existing-players`       | Boolean | Allows restoring the vanilla behavior of kicking users on the proxy if they try to reconnect (e.g. lost internet connection briefly).                                                                            |
| `ping-passthrough`            | String  | Allows forwarding nothing (the default), the `MODS` (for Forge), the `DESCRIPTION`, or everything (`ALL`) from the `try` list (or forced host server connection order).                                          |

> | `enable-player-address-logging` | Boolean | If not enabled (default is true) player IP addresses will be replaced by `<ip address withheld>` in logs.                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable-player-address-logging` | Boolean | If disabled (default is true), player IP addresses will be replaced by `<ip address withheld>` in logs.                                                                                                      |
```

| `announce-proxy-commands`                  | Boolean | This setting allows you to enable or disable explicitly sending proxy commands to the client (for Minecraft 1.13+ tab completion).                                                                      |
| `failover-on-unexpected-server-disconnect` | Boolean | This setting allows you to determine if the proxy should failover or disconnect the user in the event of an unclean disconnect.                                                                         |
| `log-command-executions`                   | Boolean | Determines whether or not the proxy should log all commands run by the user.                                                                                                                            |
| `log-player-connections`                    | Boolean | Enables logging of player connections when connecting to the proxy, switching servers and disconnecting from the proxy.                                                                            |

## `query` section

> 

Reviewer: Can't comment on it since it's not part of the diff, but the metrics section no longer exists and should probably also be removed.

Author: I removed metrics section as suggested.
